Added Docs for NerdGraph API in New Relic connector (#5603)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/connectors/monitoring-and-logging-systems/connect-to-monitoring-and-logging-systems.md

6. In the **New Relic** **URL** field, select the URL of your New Relic Insights API. 

:::info note

> New Relic supports multiple APIs. The Harness Connector leverages the NerdGraph API or the deprecated New Relic Insights API, which supports NRQL. See Step 8 for more details on connecting to either API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic supports multiple APIs. Harness connector leverages the NerdGraph API or the deprecated New Relic Insights API that supports NRQL. See Step 8 for more details on connecting to either APIs.
```

> Currently, the NerdGraph API is behind the feature flag `CV_NEWRELIC_NEW_API`. Please contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the NerdGraph API is behind the feature flag `CV_NEWRELIC_NEW_API`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

Reviewer: We don't say please or any request kind of language in technical docs.

For secrets and other sensitive settings, select or create a new [Text Secret](/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets). Enter the API key needed to connect with the server.

If you are having trouble connecting to the API, follow the docs linked below depending on if you're using the NerdGraph API or the Insight Query API.

<details>
<summary> NerdGraph API </summary>
   

>    - For steps on connecting to the NerdGraph API, follow these docs from New Relic: [NerdGraph API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - For steps on connecting to the NerdGraph API, go to [NerdGraph API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/) in the New Relic documentation.
```

   - You gain access to this API by using the `user key` for a specific account.

</details>

<details>
<summary> Insights Query API (DEPRECATED) </summary>

>    - For steps on generating the New Relic API key, follow this doc from New Relic: [Insights query API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/insights-apis/query-insights-event-data-api/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - For steps on generating the New Relic API key, go to [Insights query API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/insights-apis/query-insights-event-data-api/) in the New Relic documentation.
```

For secrets and other sensitive settings, select or create a new [Text Secret](/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets). Enter the API key needed to connect with the server.

> If you are having trouble connecting to the API, follow the docs linked below depending on if you're using the NerdGraph API or the Insight Query API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having trouble connecting to the API, follow the docs linked below depending on whether you're using the NerdGraph API or the Insight Query API.
```

<details>
<summary> NerdGraph API </summary>
   
   :::note

>    Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag `CV_NEWRELIC_NEW_API`. Please contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag `CV_NEWRELIC_NEW_API`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

   :::

   - For steps on connecting to the NerdGraph API, go to [NerdGraph API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/) in the New Relic documentation.

>    - You gain access to this API by using the `user key` for a specific account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To gain access to this API, use the `user key` for a specific account.
```

</details>

<details>
<summary> Insights Query API (DEPRECATED) </summary>
   - For steps on generating the New Relic API key, go to [Insights query API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/insights-apis/query-insights-event-data-api/) in the New Relic documentation.

>    - If you have trouble finding step on generating the **Insights query key**, look for the API key types help in the New Relic help panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you have trouble finding the step on generating the **Insights query key**, look for the API key types help in the New Relic help panel:
```
